README.md, before:

# research
files related to my research
#author David Jaros
#URL https://sites.google.com/site/davidjarosresearcher/ 

A-field-cavity:
   this directory contains different versions of file num-sol.wxm. This is wxMaxima file which contains calculation of shape of A-field-cavity excited by torroidal coil. The cavity
   boundary should be manufactured from conductive material.
 
green-book:
   contains scans of my green book read my blog for more info about green book.   

   subdirectories:

     metric-tensor          - contains calculations of several metric tensors (for Einstein theory but also for Kaluza-Klein theory) 

     non-local-transformer  - design and theory of potential free-energy device exploiting feedback and finite propagation time of vector potential changes
                              device must be properly tuned (core length must match used frequency), worth to try but will be expensive 

                              
     philadelphia           - contains some naive reasoning related to philadelphia experiment. it's mostly not correct, check my blog why.
     
     something              - ??? don't remember what is this
    
     something-insane       - ??? don't remember what is this but it looks completely insane 


ionospheric-transfer:
  
     contains circuit design and some analysis for Tesla like solution for energy transfer via ionosphere

Commit message:

added info about scanned-calculations directory - these are from Richmond

README.md, after:

# research
files related to my research
#author David Jaros
#URL https://sites.google.com/site/davidjarosresearcher/ 

A-field-cavity:
   this directory contains different versions of file num-sol.wxm. This is wxMaxima file which contains calculation of shape of A-field-cavity excited by torroidal coil. The cavity
   boundary should be manufactured from conductive material.
 
green-book:
   contains scans of my green book read my blog for more info about green book.   

   subdirectories:

     metric-tensor          - contains calculations of several metric tensors (for Einstein theory but also for Kaluza-Klein theory) 

     non-local-transformer  - design and theory of potential free-energy device exploiting feedback and finite propagation time of vector potential changes
                              device must be properly tuned (core length must match used frequency), worth to try but will be expensive 
                              (free sheets in green book)
                              
     philadelphia           - contains some naive reasoning related to philadelphia experiment. it's mostly not correct, check my blog why.
     
     something              - ??? don't remember what is this
    
     something-insane       - ??? don't remember what is this but it looks completely insane 

     scanned-calculations   - this was not originally in green book, I added this in Richmond should contain solutions for "faster then light" quaternion problem  
                              found 3 solutions 1 (general vector),2a (scalar) and 3 (linear dependend vector) 
                              2b is not a solution 

ionospheric-transfer:
  
     contains circuit design and some analysis for Tesla like solution for energy transfer via ionosphere
